# R-S2-Code
 Ricochet: Source 2 was a game built in s&box that aimed to recreate the original Ricochet with small improvements and VR support. The project was abandoned for several reasons, but the main reason was to avoid legal trouble from Valve. Another project, Team Fortress: Source 2 (which I had no affiliation with), was taken down by Valve for redistributing assets from the original game, and since this project fell under the same umbrella, I took it upon myself to shut everything down. The project was likely going to be abandoned anyway, since s&box will soon be going through major changes that will require large portions of the game to be rewritten or remade.  

 Since there's a lot of misinformation and outrage going around about what happened, I want to make it clear that I was never contacted by Valve, and a DMCA takedown was never filed against the original repository. Furthermore, Valve's actions against TF:S2 are nothing to be mad about. Entire games being ported in a fully playable state, by 3rd parties, into a completely different engine, was virtually unheard of until now, so Valve had to set a precedent that this isn't acceptable. I completely understand and respect their decision.

 This code will not be receiving any updates. I am uploading it because it was all original and someone might find it useful. Not to mention the fact that the original game's code is open source, and this code without any other assets is completely unusable in s&box, so Valve shouldn't have any problems with it.
